- Servers are physical machines (as hardwares), virtual machines or softwares (computer programs) that serve or provide functionality to other programs or devices called “clients”. The term server comes from queuing theory used in Kendall’s notation, where servers serve or process the clients requirements in the same way as a telephone operator, a cooker or a production machine process incoming orders, having in mind its capacity and service process time.

- What is the role of the domain name
The role of the domain name is to replace complex IP addresses numbers into easily understandable names so humans can remember and communicate them in a better way.

What type of DNS record www is in www.foobar.com
DNS record of www belongs to a subdomain of the www.foobar.com

What is the role of the web server
Web servers are what make Web hosting possible, that is, the possibility of renting a space on a server to store the files of our site.

The fundamental role of a Web Server

The main function of a Web server is to store the files of a site and broadcast them over the Internet so that they can be visited by users. Basically, a web server is a large computer that stores and transmits data via the network system called the Internet. When a user enters an Internet page, his browser communicates with the server sending and receiving data that determines what he sees on the screen. Therefore, we say that Web servers are to store and transmit data from a site as requested by a visitor’s browser.

What is the role of the application server
The application server is the intermediary between browser-based databases and back-end databases and legacy systems. In many uses, the application server combines or works with a web server (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) and is called a web application server.

What is the role of the database
The role of the database is to make the information gathered organized so it can be easily accessed, managed and updated. However, not all database management systems work the same, and the mechanisms they use to organize data can vary, ranging from relational database to object-oriented database, distributed database or cloud database.

Issues with the simple web infrastructure
One of the issues of having a simple web infrastructure, has to do with the SPOF (Single Point of Failure) where if component of the system fails, there is no backup that can support the continuity of the functionality of the system, bringing the whole system to a collapse by being unable to operate.
Also, whenever some structure or node in the system needs to be repaired, the whole system has to be shut down, while the maintenance is done. Then, client requests cannot be attended during this period of time.
Overload of traffic can be a risk to the server capacity. This, because there is no possibility to scale the service with additional servers as backup. Leading to a possible breakdown of the web page and client requests, as traffic surpasess servers capacity.
